A rising number of citizens in the United States
are becoming concerned about the smart meter devices
being installed on the side of their homes.
Often, without their awareness or permission.
These meters are now being termed as surveillance devices
omitting sometimes high levels of radiation into our homes.
Jerry Day has not only been informing people
as to what these meters are doing,
but how to legally remove them.
He says the process is not for the fainthearted,
nor amateur electrician,
but it can be done.
So Jerry, you've done a beautiful job
documenting our rights as citizens
regarding the smart meter,
and we're gonna show that video in a little bit.
The how-to portion of it.
But, I wanted to have more of a conversation
about the ethics and about what you feel the agenda is.
We'll even get into Agenda 21 starting with,
when they walk onto your land when you're away at work,
like they did to us one day and we live in the country.
Right.
And swap out the analog meter
for the smart meter.
Right.
What right do they have to do that?
Oh, Absolutely none.
They're installing a surveillance device on your property.
There's a federal wire-tapping law,
I think it's Title 18,
Chapter 19, Section 2511, I believe.
And it says, "If you use an electronic device
"in any communications to spy on people,
"you are violating that."
And that's a five year prison sentence.
So that's what your power company is doing
right from the beginning. (clears throat)
The reason it's wire tapping is because
they're collecting data about your energy usage
down to the flip of a switch.
So this is not like a monthly meter.
This is spying on your home where,
every time you turn on or off something,
they can now, and they will be able to more in the future,
identify the appliance or device you turn on and off.
So you can imagine there's some appliances
that have to do with more private matters,
and they can tell things about your sex life,
they can tell things about your medical conditions,
they can tell all kinds of things.
Because this data is recorded event by event,
put into a data set,
and made accessible to the power company
on their computers forever.
So it'll be accessible to law enforcement,
it'll be accessible to hackers.
Now this is moment to moment, day to day,
your activities inside your home.
This is your personal life inside your home.
So how in the world they even imagine
that they could get away with this,
what these meters are doing.
It's hard to imagine how they talked themselves into this.
You mentioned in the video,
that the utility companies do have easements.
They have had, traditionally, historically,
have had easement regarding these meters,
but that was not for this meter.
Of course not.
Can you make the
distinction between the analog and why?
Yeah.
People may not know what an easement is.
An easement is a right of access.
And that means that, if I come over to your property
once in a while and turn on your hose and take some water,
and you know I'm doing it,
then you've given me an easement to do that.
The other way an easement is created is
you and I have a contract.
I can come over and take some water once in a while.
You define that easement.
So it's either by contract or by implicit contract.
The power company has no contract to spy on you.
But they do have a contract
to record your energy usage, i.e., analog.
One number a month.
One number a month, right.
And that's the easement.
And that's probably something,
if there is a contract at all,
that's probably what it says.
Because the contracts would have conceived
many years ago.
So they're gonna say, "We can get your monthly energy usage
"and we can send you a bill for that."
That's their easement.
That's one reading, one snapshot a month?
Exactly. What they're doing is they're radiating your home
with electromagnetic radiation.
There's no easement for that.
They are not permitted to put a radiation-emitting device
on your property.
And to imagine that they can do that without any consent,
without any knowledge,
without even informing you that they're doing it,
is ridiculous.
So there's two things that they're just
in complete fantasy land about.
That we can spy on people,
and that we can radiate their property.
And this radiation is a class 2B carcinogen
according to the World Health Organization.
It is damaging, harmful radiation.
Your daughter, when she's born,
she has something like 400 eggs.
Those eggs are specifically targeted
by this type of radiation.
It's pulse, weapon-grade radiation,
and you're looking at permanent birth defects.
Not only that affect your daughter's children,
but every generation thereafter.
Those are permanent, irreparable birth defects.
Are you talking about infertility
in addition to birth defects?
Probably not, probably not.
No, birth defects.
Birth defects.
And so you're talking about a change in the DNA
that is then passed on through the generations.
Right. This radiation deconstructs DNA.
That is what it does.
What are some of the cases
of what it has been known to do?
Well, you'd have to talk to somebody
who researches DNA and birth defects.
When you want to talk about history,
there is very little history on smart meters
because they're a recent thing,
so we don't have the data.
But we do know that the radiation
is not stuff you want to put into little girl's bedrooms.
Is it Switzerland or Austria
that has outlawed this technology?
I think Switzerland, but I'm not sure.
They've outlawed that technology in their country
for the exact reason that you're talking about.
Yeah, well, we're entering an era
in human history, unprecedented.
Where we've just discovered
that we can make everything wireless.
Our phones, our whatever, whatever.
There's a list that goes on for days and you don't realize,
oh, I use that, and I use that too.
Oh, yeah, I use that too.
All these things around us are turning wireless,
and they're coming up now with cancers
from people who had their laptop on their lap with the wi-fi
and they're going into testicular cancer and all this.
And so, the flood,
the overall bath of wireless technology
is now beyond anything in history.
And we won't know, it's like tobacco.
50, 60 years ago, we didn't know what tobacco
was going to do to us.
And then as it became apparent,
these lung cancer cases became associatable with tobacco
we went, okay, now we know.
Now we see. There's hard data.
There's, I smoked, I got lung cancer data.
We don't have any idea,
we're still 50 or 60 years out from knowing
what our bath, our electropollution,
electro-toxin pollution bath is going to do to us.
It is going to deconstruct DNA,
it is going to violate cellular integrity.
That's what this radiation does.
We know that.
So we're way ahead of the tobacco curve.
We know that this is damaging,
so there's already concrete liabilities
on these power companies, already.
So you go back to 1940,
there wasn't liability on tobacco companies.
Nobody had the data.
But we're starting this little experiment
with data that says, this is probably very dangerous,
and there will be harm done.
Just to go back to what you were talking about
at the beginning of the conversation,
you were saying that they're able to not only
monitor the usage minute by minute.
It's not a snapshot, it's not a monthly snapshot anymore.
It's surveillance when you can monitor
someone's household minute by minute.
But you said it's not going to be long before
they can actually determine what kind of appliance?
Oh, yeah. They can do that now.
There's two ways they determine
what appliance you just turned on or off.
Ultimately, it will be with something they call
smart chip appliances,
where the appliance itself will have a fingerprint
that it will transmit to the smart meter
and the smart meter will go,
oh, okay, that's your washing machine.
You turn your washing machine on at three in the afternoon,
that's a peak period,
you now owe us $80 for a penalty.
You had bad energy consumption behavior.
Yeah, and so, they want to do that.
That's what they're going toward.
That's what the agenda is?
Right, so, within a year, you're going to be seeing
a lot of these chipped,
it'll say in the store, big deal.
Smart appliance, you want the smart one, don't you?
Oh, that's just a chip.
No!
No, no you don't.
But there's another way that they can tell right away,
right now, what appliances you're using.
And that is, they have a chip I understand,
and I'm not a scientist or researcher,
but this is what I understand from reading
what I can get from these bulletins
that doesn't go over my head.
There is a chip that you can put inline, anywhere,
and if an appliance is turned on, on that circuit,
the chip is designed to recognize that footprint.
So by power current draw footprint, it can identify.
And that creates a data set.
That chip then delivers that information as a data set
to the power company as part of the metadata
on the smart meter.
So aside from penalizing you
for using certain appliances during peak hours,
what else is done or can be done with that information
that they're gleaning on your consumer usage?
The idea is to have, apparently,
the most robust data set on human activities,
and human lives, and human identities,
ever in history.
And you've had programs, I'm sure,
where they talked about RFID chips?
Yes.
Okay, so what is that?
Data gathering. It's GPS, it's whatever.
You walk into a store
and your mobile speed pass RFID chip in your wrist
is read by the doormat of the store you walk into,
and we know right where you are.
It's surveillance again.
So we've got GPS on your car now,
we've got GPS in your phone.
We'll have an RFID chip
in your driver's license, in your passport.
Possibly, if you work for the military or something else,
it'll be right in your neck or wherever they put it,
in your arm, elbow, I don't know where they put it.
But... (clears throat)
anywhere there's a cell tower or satellite view,
you can be found.
They literally can type your name
or your social security number into a computer
and not only will you be found
and located instantly, at that moment,
but your entire history will come up.
So all your medical records,
all your criminal records,
your education records,
your credit card transactions,
your home smart meter data.
Can you imagine the resolution of this image,
of your life,
is beyond the capability of your own mind.
Yes, it is.
And there have been some parodies
that have already come out on this.
I don't know if you saw one of them on Youtube,
it's actually very well done.
Where a fella calls up his local pizza place
to order a pizza.
Oh, well, Mr. Taylor.
Well, I see. Are you going to want that
with our garden vegetable toppings--
Yeah, I see you're on a diet.
I see you're on a diet.
You're 20 pounds overweight
according to your medical records.
And it's really well done.
And you had donuts this afternoon.
Yeah, exactly.
That's absolutely possible and feasible.
Especially with this kind of data.
Well, I would think, too,
how does this dovetail?
I mean, I don't want to put you on the spot
with things that are really not part of this,
but how does this kind of information then dovetail,
say with, the health care system?
Well, it's all data collection.
And this business of,
government is where you go for health care,
obviously is tied in with all that.
Government cannot buy infinite health care.
Whatever you want to call it,
there will be some kind of rationing.
There will be some limit on that.
How do they know what to do?
Well, they have to have every tiny detail
of your medical condition.
Now when all of your medical and health records
are in their possession,
it's literally unheard of that that wouldn't be hacked,
and abused, and misused, and lost,
and sold, and whatever.
Unheard of.
There's no such thing as a safe database,
safe digital database.
No such thing at all.
And they say that all the time,
"This is safe, this is secure."
It's an absolute lie.
It's not misleading, it's a lie,
and they know it.
Because government,
you can go to the deepest bowels of the Pentagon,
and they've been violated.
You know, who is it?
Julian Assange's friends get in there
and then put it out.
So that, when we talk about the health care system,
that's obviously a keen interest of government
to say, "My God! We'll just run out of money."
Look what happened with Medicare, it just balloons.
As soon as people have something to tap into
for some free healthcare,
in five years it's 10 times what we intended it to be.
So they have to have severe, serious,
major invasion in your live to say,
"Oh, you have bad behavior.
"We have an excuse now
"to not give you this diabetic treatment."
Or not give you this whatever
because you eat too much sugar, or whatever.
So the data becomes the power.
That's how they exercise control over their budgets.
That's how they control exercise over your behavior.
If they don't know how you're behaving,
they can't control it.
And so, essentially, you're saying that
the smart meter is almost like an RFID chip for your home.
That's exactly right, yeah.
Now, my understanding is that,
there are hubs of sorts where you'll have a smart meter
master meter on one home,
and then surrounding meters that are then
feeding back and communicating with it.
Can you talk about the nature of that matrix of these hubs?
There does have to be hubs
because your meter can't always reach.
Sometimes they have these hubs
on light poles or around the town.
It can't always reach those.
So they have a master meter that's much bigger,
and puts out much more wattage,
and is much more dangerous in terms of radiation emission,
even than the regular smart meters.
And they do put those on certain houses
where they need to relay.
And the meters are incredible technology.
They relay from house to house,
so all of my data stays as a data set,
as a recognizable, identified data set,
and goes bouncing from my neighbor's house
to my neighbor's house.
So anybody along there could hack it, for one thing.
And then, my neighbor, who happens to be the unlucky one
to be near or at the master meter,
is getting 10 times the radiation
because they have to endure my data
going through their home.
Now does the utility company tell them
that they are hosting this unit?
I have no idea.
I've never heard that a utility company
has disclosed hardly anything about smart meters.
All I know is the flyer that I got from my electric company
and what they said was, "This is gonna be great
"because this will let us know how and when
"you use electricity."
Right.
That's a quote from their flyer.
Right, how and when. Yeah.
Excuse me, where did you get the presumption
you were entitled to know how and when I use electricity?
How and when means that appliance event.
That means, flipping a switch.
That means, not monthly.
How and when.
So they're admitting that this is invasive.
They're admitting that they're conducting surveillance.
I don't understand how they're getting away with it.
Now, what about the practical,
and also the actual meter readings?
I'm just throwing this out there.
When they slapped one on our house,
which we haven't taken off yet, by the way.
Whoo! Get rid of that.
I'm glad we've met you so we can figure out
how to go through this process.
But when they slapped it on,
it just seemed like there was a spike in our bills.
Now have you heard this from other people?
Yeah, oh yeah.
Tell us what you know about this.
Well, that goes several different ways.
PG&E is probably the stupidest
electric company on the planet.
They claim that they timed their smart meter introduction
at the same time as rates would happen to go up
for summer consumption or some other deal.
They said, "Oh, yes. The bills did go up.
"We can't lie about that.
"Your bill is higher this month than it was last month.
"We did install a smart meter this month,
"but it wasn't because of the smart meter.
"It was because of this accident that happened
"when we installed the smart meter at a time
"when your bill would have gone up more anyway."
Yeah, but we took that into consideration
looking over the bills.
It's a complete lie.
That doesn't wash.
So PG&E is not only stupid enough
to jack up your rate when you get the smart meter,
but they're stupid enough to lie about it.
I mean, the criminal aspect gets so broad
that you just go...
It becomes like the bank disaster.
It's like, why aren't these people in prison?
Apparently, there's no rule of law
in this country anymore.
So, what I was gonna say,
there's two different ways to look at this
price spike thing.
They can charge you whatever they want for your electricity,
regardless of whether you have a smart meter.
They just decide what to charge you.
So the smart meter itself doesn't cause your bill to go up.
The data allows them to penalize you
for certain behaviors that they didn't know about before.
"Oh, you're a bad little energy consumption person."
But are they already doing that?
Is that already being reflected?
Oh yeah.
And we just don't know it?
Well, let's go back.
That goes back to the identification appliance usage.
There are certain appliances
that are considered to be elective.
So you're supposed to do your laundry
at two in the morning now.
Oh, come on.
That's good energy behavior.
So if you do your laundry in the afternoon,
when Grandma needs the air conditioner,
then you're a bad, bad person.
And you are susceptible to any kind of penalty for that.
Has this been implemented already?
Well, what I was gonna say is,
they have to get the resolution.
Right now, they're sort of tweaking all the dials.
They've got the smart meter mesh in,
in our town, Burbank, it's 99.8% installed.
So right now they're going, "Okay,
"we're essentially all there
"and we're gonna tweak it and set up our metrics,
"so that we can resolve this data."
You've gotta remember, the amount of data going in...
This thing is pinging you every three seconds.
So they talk about,
"Oh, it only works 45 seconds a day,
or a minute and a half a day."
They'll tell you that.
That's a big lie they love to tell.
"It's only working three minutes a day."
Okay, so you figure,
"Okay, if I can just not be at home for that three minutes."
Well, here's what you'd have to do.
You'd have to leave the house for two nanoseconds,
every three seconds.
2,000ths of a second,
that thing sends out pulsed energy
and it waits for three seconds,
and does it again.
And that's only if it's on cruise control.
If it's on, "I've gotta relay my neighbor's energy data,"
or something else.
Or, "They've shielded their meter
"and now I have to try harder to get this data out,"
it's going crazy.
It's just flooding your property
with electromagnetic radiation.
But if it's just on cruise control,
it's doing a weapon's grade pulse EMF emission
every three seconds,
for 2,000ths of a second.
Now this is the same kind of energy
that you use in the military to disable your opponent,
so this is not kid's play.
But, because it's 2,000ths of a second long,
they add it all up and say,
"Oh, that only comes to three minutes a day.
"We'll tell them we're only radiating them
"three minutes a day.
"What does that have to do with anything?"
Right.
It's a deliberate lie.
Anyone who tells you, "Oh, it's only three minutes a day,"
can't possibly be ignorant of what they're saying.
They know that they're lying.
They know they're misrepresenting.
Our power company in Burbank,
the Chairman of the Board, Ron Davis,
said exactly that at the City Council meeting.
"It only goes three minutes a day."
Blatant liar.
Did you get up and challenge him?
I spoke out during his time.
From the peanut gallery I said, "That is not true."
And everybody should do that
because these people will say this
until they're not permitted to get away with it.
I think I got off point.
There's these two ways of identifying this stuff and one is,
in this general power draw footprint
and that they can do now.
But, getting back to the point of,
"When will they penalize me for turning on
my air conditioner at the wrong time of day?"
I think they have to get better at parsing this data.
I think that the software programs and everybody
are having to deal with a massive mountain of data
coming in constantly.
It's not just a mountain, it's a stream of mountains.
Everybody's smart meter pinging every three seconds,
all day, all over town, by the millions.
And this smart meter data
has a whole gang of data per pulse.
So the data set is almost impossible to imagine
and conceive how much data they have to collect and control.
So my experience of computers is,
for the first five years they don't get it right at all.
Imagine when you had the first Microsoft product,
if you've been around that long.
It was years before that thing would not be buggy,
and not crash you, and this and that.
And they weren't having to deal with anywhere near
the kind of data processing challenge
that this smart meter thing will be.
So you're gonna have years of problems.
And PG&E has had these problems,
where people are getting crazy bills.
Like five times as much.
Yes, exactly.
And it's just because that's how data works.
It's hard to manage, and hard to control,
and hard to figure out.
So it's not our imagination?
We're getting skewed data.
Oh yeah. It would be an absolute miracle,
unprecedented in history,
if they could take all this data
and have it perfectly generate accurate bills every time.
Well, in just what you're talking about,
relaying from one house to the next.
It seems like that,
I'm not an electrician, obviously,
but it seems like that's right for corrosion or corruption
somewhere along the way,
in terms of the signals and the readings.
That's probably one of the lesser of their problems.
Really?
Yeah.
You can packetize data,
and computers are pretty good at saying,
"Oh, this is 0915633.
I'll put it all with the 0915633 stack."
Computers are good at that type of thing.
Okay.
Not to say there can't be errors
because any time you have wireless transmission,
obviously, something can interrupt that.
It's got to be subject to something, yeah.
But the place to expect your problems initially,
is these few clerks that work at the power company
who are used to one reading per month,
send out a bill, and get a payment.
They have turned into the deepest basement at the Pentagon.
They've turned into the NSA.
They've turned into the CIA.
They have to deal with data sets
like they have never imagined.
There's no way they could be prepared for this,
so it'll be years before they quite have it all
nailed down to where every little nuance
of your smart meter data is reflected
accurately and correctly on your bill.
What they're doing now, is estimating.
I had somebody in here, this is a video studio,
every once in a while we'd flip on all the video lights,
and that shows up on my electric bill.
It doesn't show up
because right now they're not using real data.
They're guessing.
I see.
Now I don't have a smart meter,
I still have the analog meter.
They shouldn't have any problem here.
But that shows you what kind of trouble they're in.
'Cause they having to relay house to house...
my house ain't relaying.
And so, there's some data they're missing.
And my neighbor next door said he's been getting estimates.
He said he went on a vacation for two weeks
and shut everything down,
and his power bill did not change more than a dollar.
Right. We had the same experience.
So they're just winging it.
And that's what they're gonna be doing,
maybe for years.
They're gonna be pretending,
like they've got this thing wired.
But don't they also cover that under,
I think they call it, energy averaging?
So you have a choice.
You can have it averaged,
and so I know with some people--
That probably is different.
Yeah, that is.
Energy averaging is energy guessing,
but there's also energy guessing.
Which is like, "We have no idea
"what these people are really using,
"and we don't know how to parse this data yet,
"and so we'll just...
"Luckily, we're still close enough to the time in history
"when we were getting analog bills
"and we have a rough idea what this family was paying,
"so we'll just shift that a few bucks each month
"and send that to them until we have this whole
"data computer thing figured out."
I wouldn't want to be in their shoes
because that could be years,
and you can only guess for so long.
You've got people selling houses,
moving out, tenants, whatever.
You have to have hard data sooner or later.
Yeah, this data's gonna be crazy.
Well now I've heard that PG&E,
here in California,
have actually been quietly going around
at the request of some of the customers like yourself,
and soon to be us, and removing them.
That they're not making a deal out of it,
they're not letting anyone know this is an option,
but that they have been removing some of them.
They're crazy if they don't.
I can't imagine how they're gonna stay out of court.
Well now, let's talk about that part,
the legal portion of it.
I'm not gonna have you talk about the whole how-to thing
because we're going to put that video up.
You've already done it so well,
it can really assist people through the process.
But just leading into that,
what are the legal rights of the person
versus the utility company?
Okay, I'm not a lawyer.
I can give you my opinion.
Okay.
My legal rights are not to
have surveillance conducted on me,
especially in my private home.
There's no way anybody can say that
you have no expectation of privacy in your own home.
If you don't have an expectation of privacy there,
where do you have one? Okay?
So, privacy means nobody's monitoring your activities.
Smart meters are designed for the purpose of
monitoring your activities.
Okay. So right there, number one.
My big problem is the surveillance.
Now other people have this problem
about electromagnetic sensitivity,
and the DNA issue we talked about earlier.
This is destructive to DNA.
Now, there are technicians who will argue
how far from that transmission source you can be,
and be safe.
Some say right up close, some say three feet,
some say nowhere in the house.
So everybody's disagreeing on that.
We've got to get agreement on that,
scientific agreement, proof,
absolute proof on that.
That may not even be possible,
but there's something like,
between 5% and 13% of the population are EMF sensitive.
There's a scientific name for it called
"sensitive receptors."
I have a friend who's had some operations,
she's had some metal put in her head.
If you're around microwaves
and you've got metal in your body,
that metal turns hot.
What about pacemakers and all?
Yeah, all that. Even worse.
Anything that's using some sort of pulse energy
to do anything in your body.
Any electronic device at all in your body.
So yeah, any implant, any pacemaker,
there's a whole bunch of different kinds.
They even have them now for dosages
for medications and things.
So that's up to 15% of the population?
Well, no, no.
The sensitive ones.
The 5% to 15%,
it may have nothing to do with a device.
Right. They're just electrosensitive.
Yeah, there are people who get clinical symptoms.
They can't sleep, they lose attention span,
they get headaches, they get fatigue,
sometimes nausea.
And these are clinical recordable symptoms.
I spoke to somebody on the phone who said
her hands swelled up when they put the smart meter in.
There was something to do
with her particular medical condition
where she was susceptible to swelling.
And she could say, "When I'm at home,
"I'm near the smart meter, they swell up.
"When I go away, they go down."
So she's got, in her view, science.
The electromagnetic sensitive people
are susceptible no matter what.
And they don't have to be told they are, sometimes.
Most people who find out that they have a problem
from their smart meter, figure it out on their own.
So the first thing that happens is,
they install the smart meter,
they think nothing of it.
And then, within that month,
they're starting to get sick.
Then, within that next month,
they're talking to their doctor, they're going around.
And then in about the third month they go,
"Wait a minute.
"That started right when they put that smart meter in."
And they say, "When I sleep in my own bed I get sick,
"and I can't sleep, and I get headaches.
"And when I go out to my friend's house,
"or my mother's house, or whatever,
"and sleep there, I'm fine."
Mm-hmm.
And it started right when that smart meter.
So they have this process and,
over and over and over again, they find that.
And I have friends, now,
not sleeping in their own beds,
not staying at their homes.
They're sleeping in their cars,
and there's a number of these.
There's been some news reports about this
because it's like, you have a perfectly good home.
Why are you sleeping in your car?
And they go, some of the first-hand accounts,
"I will take my car and I will drive to a park.
"I will drive somewhere until I can physically feel
"that I'm outside of a lot of this."
'Cause sometimes, if they pull up to a park
and there happens to be a cell tower right there,
they're getting symptoms.
Well, I'm wondering about babies.
Babies coming in.
We don't know because they can't express
what they're going through.
We don't know what it's doing to those who can't articulate
the feelings going on.
Right. They would have symptoms just like that.
And there's also really terrible skin rashes
that come up from it.
That, I've read about, is more common with some
EMFs coming from laptops and stuff.
But people discover that is electromagnetic energy
that damages skin.
And it's the same stuff that's
coming out of your smart meter.
Well, that would be a question
with some people listening right now which is,
"Hey, we're sitting in front of our computers,
"we're talking on our cell phones,
"we've got our wireless phones
"and phone stations throughout the house,
"so why are we whining about smart meters
"and their emanations?"
Well, because it's just more on the poison stack.
You know, how much arsenic is okay to take? None.
How much radiation?
They say that about nuclear radiation.
How much is okay? They said, "None."
There's no safe amount,
there's no amount that won't damage you.
Is there a distinctive difference
when you have this pulsing out at you,
as opposed to the wireless technology
in a phone or cell phone?
It's called energy density and when it's pulsed,
it's high energy density.
And that density, it's just like
if I hold a baseball bat against your forehead,
or I pull it back and I hit your forehead.
There's quite a difference in the effect on your skull.
So the density is the issue with that pulse?
The pulse. Yeah, right.
The pulse carries that density.
I mean, if it was that density, constant,
it would probably kill you in minutes.
It's high energy density.
Now their excuse is, "But it's so short.
"It's only two nanoseconds."
It doesn't matter.
Any amount of high density energy pulsing through your body,
does what it does.
It doesn't matter how short it is.
You can go down to zero but anything above zero
is going to damage cellular structure,
is going to damage DNA.
Now, you've been doing this for a while.
You're very involved in this here,
in this community.
Let me ask you, when people decided
to take action into their own hands,
and you're saying in your video right up front,
"I'm not saying this is legal,
"I'm not saying this is safe.
"I'm saying this is what you can do,
if you wish to, if you're concerned."
So we'll just put that out, right now.
But what are you noticing is happening to the people
who are switching out their meters,
when PG&E or Edison or whomever,
will not come and do it for them?
I have a couple of friends who have done that.
(clears throat)
It's not pretty.
They had the police come to support the power company
in conducting surveillance and radiating their property.
This morning, that happened.
And I had to run out to this other city
with my video camera,
and go over their property and show where
the power company had, with torches or cutting tools,
cut the cages that they had put
over their smart meters, away.
It's those heavy metal, iron--
You mean, over the analog meters?
Over their analog meters, yeah.
They had pulled out their smart meters on their own,
and they had put in analog meters.
And then they had welded cages over them
with heavy metal, expanded metal,
and L-channel, and all that.
The power company came out and cut those off.
My understanding, this was happening in two cities nearby.
One city, they had the police there.
So I said to them, "Fine."
They're calling me and we're trying to coordinate this
'cause I'm trying to help them,
and I'm running down there shooting video of this.
Well, I got there after they were gone.
But the other address where the police came, I said,
"Well, you're gonna put a police officer in jail,
"unless you're crazy.
"Where's the warrant?
"This is breaking and entering."
The power company went on somebody's property,
damaged it, destroyed some property,
and stole the meters.
And here's the thing,
when I went to the property in San Gabriel,
the analog meters were gone.
Those were not the property of the power company.
They stole property.
That's theft. breaking and entering,
burglary, a whole list.
If there was a police officer involved in that,
that police officer's a criminal.
They have to have a court order.
If there's a warrant or a court order,
and how do you get a court order that says,
"These people refused to be radiated and surveyed upon?"
How do you get a court order that says--
They would say they rejected the smart meter,
they've removed a smart meter.
Is that against the law?
I don't know that anybody's had occasion
to write a law like that.
So there's probably an easement privilege
that says that they can sanction you somehow,
for tampering with their equipment.
Okay, what is their equipment?
It's an analog meter that doesn't transmit radiation,
that doesn't conduct surveillance on you,
that sits on the side of your house, harmlessly,
that produces one number a month that they can use.
So that's what they're allowed to tell you
to not tamper with.
When they put something there that radiates your property,
that causes you to be under surveillance,
that gives them data sets that they have no entitlement to,
how do you defend that?
There's absolutely no conceivable way.
So there are no court cases yet?
Not yet. It's all too new.
It's all too new.
Well now, there may be something I don't know about.
Okay, well this is sounding very discouraging
for the person listening up to this point thinking,
"Yeah, I'm gonna get rid of that thing."
To think of the police coming over and essentially busting--
Well, here's what we do.
Because, yes, of course.
We have a notice, it's a legal notice.
And you get that with your analog meter
that our friends send out.
So you order an analog meter,
this happens to be on FreedomTaker.com.
And it's not a plug.
The only reason I say that is because,
I know other people are selling analog meters.
They're not giving you the notice that you have to send.
And you have to send the notice
before you take your meter off.
Otherwise, you are tampering.
Nobody's under notice. They haven't noticed you,
that this meter is violating your rights.
So how do you know you have a right to take it off?
But you have to play fair and square,
and you have to put them on notice.
Right. So you write a notice up and you say,
"I know this is violating my rights.
"I know what this meter does.
"I know that you have no entitlement to do this.
"I know this is not part of your easement,
and you must remove it within 30 days."
So you put it on them.
And you send that to the utility company?
Exactly. Certified mail.
If you know how to do notary presentment,
mail agent, this or that.
The most legal way you can do it.
Mail agent means, somebody witnesses
what you put in the envelope and you send it to them.
What these sleazebag lawyers are doing
with the power companies,
they'll open your mail, throw it away,
and say, "Yeah, we got your certified envelope.
"There was nothing in it."
Oh.
They're that scumbag!
I mean, that's how far it goes.
How much more do you know,
to know that these people are not dealing fair?
You know, they're pretending these envelopes
come to them empty.
Some lawyers do that.
Now I'm not saying a particular power company
that I know did that,
but here's what you do to protect yourself.
You get a witness and you say,
"I, so and so, my name, I saw that this notice,
"prohibiting smart meter installation
"on this person's property,
"went in this envelope and I mailed this for them."
So now you've got a third-party witness.
It's called a mailing agent,
and many notaries know how to do that.
Our notice is in the form of an Affidavit.
And when you get this analog meter kit
from FreedomTaker.com,
you get this notice that is an Affidavit.
So you take it to a notary
and the notary gets your identification,
has you sign it, gets your thumbprint,
whatever they do,
and now you have a legal document
that has more power and more force
than any letter, any statement, any verbal statement.
In a courtroom, the judge does not have the prerogative
to rule against that.
That is sworn evidence.
Okay. So you protect yourself, first, legally.
And then we're going to show the video,
right after this conversation, in a bit here,
that will show what you do once you have done that.
The 30 days has passed, nobody's responded.
And then you start by unlocking the device
and going from there.
But before we get into that,
I just have one more question.
This is all part of a larger agenda.
We've heard of Agenda 21, for example.
Is there a way, in the long run, to stop this?
Well, sure, but you have to do it
one meter at a time to begin with.
One meter at a time.
Can you talk a little about Agenda 21
before we finish this part of the conversation?
Yeah, it makes no sense, no logical sense whatsoever,
when you tell your power company that they're
breaking the law and they're violating your rights,
that they wouldn't stop doing it.
It makes no sense.
What power company wants to violate your rights on purpose?
What happens when you tell your power company,
"You cannot put a smart meter in
"for this reason, and that reason, and that reason."
They go, "Too bad, you have to have it."
They're not informing people when they put it on.
They're not getting their consent.
There was a federal ruling on this and it said,
"Power companies can offer these to people."
There's no mandate.
There's no legal mandate for anybody
to put one of these on anybody's property.
That's true? They can only offer it?
That's all they have the right to do?
There is no law, federal, state, or otherwise,
that I know about.
And certainly not federal,
that anybody has to have a smart meter.
It would be ridiculous if there was.
It would last that long,
because it violates the wire-tapping statutes,
it violates the Fourth Amendment of the Bill of Rights.
It's just a disaster, legally.
So whoever was involved in this federal like,
"You can offer this," knew that.
They said, "Well, this violates people's rights,
"it's dangerous to their health,
"so you have to volunteer for this.
"You can offer it, but you can't force it on anybody,
"for obvious reasons."
The power companies don't hear any of that.
And it's bizarre, how deaf and blind they are to that.
Because we feel like, we outsiders, we energy consumers
are in the position of having to try to educate them?
We're pretending like they don't know this?
They're pretending like they don't know this?
There's this big game of pretend going on,
like, "You don't know this puts out
"pulse electromagnetic radiation into private homes?
"You don't know that this conducts surveillance
"on people's personal activities in the house?
"Like, we have to tell you that?
"Okay, fine. Here's your notice."
And I want to go back to that.
We're gonna write a notice up and say,
"You may not do this. You have 30 days to remove this."
And you say, "This violates my rights.
"This violates the Fourth Amendment of the Bill of Rights.
"This violates Title 18.
"This violates these laws.
"You have 30 days to remove it."
30 days later...
They have absolutely no legal standing whatsoever.
Now, again, I'm not a lawyer.
I'm not trying to give legal advice.
This is my opinion, this is what I've done.
I have an analog meter on my house,
in a city that's 99.8% smart meters.
And I have a notice posted on the meter that says,
"You pay a hundred grand if you take this off,
"because the smart meter violates my rights.
"If you remove this, it's a hundred grand to you,
"and you agree to that if you take this off."
Now have you had any trouble?
It depends on what you call "trouble."
I was lucky enough to be at my house
when they came to first install this thing.
The guy came to the door and said,
"I'm gonna change your meter,"
and he had the meter under his arm.
And I said, "Is that a smart meter?"
And he said, "Yeah."
I said, "Well, you're not gonna install that on this house
"unless you want to go to a federal prison
for wire tapping."
And he looks at me with this blank stare and says nothing.
Now this guy knows what he's doing.
He's pretending, you know,
down at the installer level they pretend like,
"Oh, nobody told me that.
"They told me I have to install this.
"And I'm sorry, they have this law
that says you have to have it."
You know, they'll BS you all day long.
But this guy just looked at me like,
"Uh, what else you gotta say?"
I said, "You're trespassing, leave."
And so the next day, three guys came back.
They were across the street and I saw them
and they said, "Come on over, talk to us about,
"we'll let you know what's going on."
And I went over there and they said,
"Yeah, we've got to put these,
"we're gonna have these on every home.
"What do you think you're doing?"
And I said, "I think I'm causing you to
"not put it on my home."
You know, you have to just stand up
face to face with these people.
So your question was, Agenda 21.
This is my way of answering that.
How could they possibly
have all of these people so brainwashed,
city after city after city, state after state,
power company after power company,
all across the country?
Canada? Europe?
I'm getting emails from Europe.
I have this Freedom Taker thing on smart meters,
FreedomTaker.com.
Europe, Canada, US, all over.
Same problem.
Now this is supposedly a local issue, right?
Power companies,
they're in lockstep, they're in lockstep on this.
They lie to you about what they do,
they have the same thing they say,
"Oh, it only transmits three minutes a day."
They have all this stuff they say,
everyone, everywhere.
Where did that come from?
Okay, Agenda 21.
UN, World Trade Organization,
whoever this is.
Council on Foreign Relations,
I don't know, whatever.
There's tremendous need to have this data.
You don't have control without data.
You don't have knowledge without data.
So it makes total sense to me
that there's an international, not a national,
but an international force behind this,
coordinating this,
and that's called ICLEI.
Are you familiar with that name?
Mm-hmm.
Let's see if we can remember.
That's International Climate...
Don't ask me to say, I'm just familiar with--
International Climate Local Environmental Initiative,
something along that.
International is in there.
Climate is in there.
Local is in there.
So it's International Local.
That's pretty clear.
You look up ICLEI on Google, you go to,
your City Council will know what ICLEI is.
Somebody from ICLEI,
which is an international organization based on the UN,
somebody from ICLEI has contacted your City Council.
I guarantee you, I guarantee it!
How many City Councilors are there in the United States?
How could I guarantee something as preposterous as say,
that some UN agency, personally,
has contacted your City Council.
You check. You call your City Council people and say,
"Have you ever heard of ICLEI?
"Has anybody every brought to you
"an environmental initiative from ICLEI?"
And if they say no, they're lying.
We have in this city, speed bumps,
and we have these ridiculous curb-cut things
where they will expand the curb out into the street
and put a planter box or something there,
so that when you're turning a corner
you have to go, "Whoops, it's narrow."
That's ICLEI.
And I've seen it in city after city after city.
Oh yeah, yeah.
The idea is, make cities unhospitable to cars.
Yep. Un-navigable for cars.
We want people walking,
we want people on their bikes,
we want people to hurt if they use their car.
We want people to slow down,
we want people to not get there as fast.
And that's all part of ICLEI, huh?
ICLEI, Agenda 21.
I wondered where
that came from in the last five years.
Yeah, and you know it's going on in every city.
I mean, you can go around and cities are all proud
of these new improvements.
And they will show you pictures on their websites
of all their new planter boxes in the middle of the street!
And I have a big problem with that
because we build nice, wide, clean, flat streets
so that we can get places efficiently.
The emergency people, the fire and the police,
are crazy about this because they go,
"I can't swerve around these things
"when I'm trying to save a life!
"What are you thinking?"
Yeah, they're crazy.
They don't even seem to make sense,
the way they're set up.
Right. So the cities are getting so much influence.
Can you imagine how much influence there has to be,
that the city will ignore their own fire department?
Ignore their own police force?
And just say, "That's too bad.
"We've got ICLEI telling us
'this is good for the environment.'"
Interesting. So that's how far it goes.
Okay, well, um, I really,
I appreciate the fact that A, you've taken this thing on
and that you are assisting people.
We have to get on our part of it,
Scott and I, personally.
And meanwhile, what we're going to do
is have people go next to the video itself,
so they can see what the process and procedure is
and what it looks like,
to remove one of the smart meters
and then install an analog meter.
Which you say, please have on hand,
a good electrician and possibly an attorney.
Yeah, well I want to make something clear if I have time.
Because, when you asked me earlier,
"What happens if you change it?"
And I said it could get ugly,
that's for people who don't send them the notice.
Yes, and that's good. You made that clear.
Protect yourself with that notice.
Once you put them on notice,
"This smart meter violates my rights,"
there's no way they can do anything.
Now will they try? Maybe.
You know, you have to decide how courageous you are.
You have to decide how much you want to
protect your family from radiation and privacy issues.
But, once you send that notice,
if our courts were not corrupt,
if our legal system worked the way it should,
justice system worked the way it should,
there's absolutely no way anybody could touch you
once you've noticed them that they are
violating your rights.
And then you are going to have an analog meter.
"You have 30 days to put that meter there.
"If you don't, I will do it.
"And don't even think about interfering with me.
"And don't even think about taking that back off
"and putting a smart meter in because then,
"you're on notice.
"You're on violation."
Now you have full, intentional, criminal liability.
Very good.
Okay, on that note, go to Part Two
and watch what this looks like in real life.
And meanwhile, I want to thank you for our time.
Thank you.
And thank you for letting us use this video too,
this upcoming video.
Sure, I hope a lot of people see it.
I hope so too.
Well, we're going to do our part,
and we'll find out how our local
PG&E workmen,
how they respond to it.
Scott'll take that part on.
Good.
I'll hide in the kitchen. (laughing)
Put the man on that one.
Thanks so much, Jerry.
Thank you.
You can contact Jerry directly,
to get the paperwork and the analog meter
by going to FreedomTaker.com.
To learn more about the effects of not only the meters,
but the electrical circuitry throughout your home,
you might also enjoy our interviews with
Donna Fisher and David Stetzer.
Some of this information is shocking.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
Well now that the cat is out of the bag
and we all know that smart meters
emit dangerous radiation
and spy on people's personal activities inside their homes,
it seems a bit odd that the power companies
are still pretending they don't do that.
I guess they're not familiar with the term,
"criminal liability."
Maybe they've had their heads
too close to their smart meters for a little too long.
Now you might be one of those people
who would sue your power company
after they make your family sick from radiation,
spy on you, jack up your electric bill
for using your washing machine
at the wrong time of day,
and randomly shut off your appliances
to balance their grid load stresses.
But this video is for people who like to prevent
those kinds of things from happening to them,
in the first place.
This video will demonstrate the option
of replacing your smart meter
with a safe and sane analog meter.
We're not saying this is lawful, safe, or practical,
but many people are looking for options,
and this may be one of them.
It's true, you can buy your very own
safe analog electric meter.
In fact, you can find a special kit
to replace your smart meter
at the website called FreedomTaker.com.
Will the power company like you replacing their meter?
Well, if the only way they can be happy
is to try to give you a meter that pollutes your home
with carcinogenic electrotoxins
and violates federal wire-tapping laws,
I guess they won't be happy
because a lot of people are not going to sit still for that.
Let's see, do I want to protect my family's
health and privacy,
or make my power company happy?
Yeah.
You're about to see some people
changing their own electric meter.
But these people are experienced
in the construction industry.
Certainly, most people would need to
hire a qualified electrician to do the meter swap fandango.
A mishap with house current can be
both embarrassing and fatal.
Smart meters violate the law,
and they violate your power company's easement,
by emitting radiation on your property
and monitoring personal activities in the home.
But if you intend to remove the meter,
you must take a very important legal step
of informing your power company
that the meter violates the law,
and must be removed.
That legal notice document comes with
the Freedom Taker kit.
It's five pages long and is a powerhouse
of legal karate chops.
Fill it out, get it notarized,
send it certified mail, and watch grown men cry.
The kit includes instructions for both mailing the notice,
and physically replacing the meter.
Once you send them this notice,
they should understand that the only lawful way
a smart meter can be used,
is as a jello mold.
The power company will bully you and tell you
they have an easement or right of access.
You can tell them they have an easement
for an analog meter.
They do not have an easement or consent
for a radiation-emitting surveillance device.
The power companies seem to be living in a pretend world
they have made for themselves.
They have the mentality that they could put
a hand grenade on the side of your house,
and you would have no right to object.
You can't have a rational conversation
with people like that.
If they don't want to admit that smart meters
are dangerous and invasive,
it is better to just put the power company on notice
and take your own corrective action,
as I will show you now.
Please talk to an electrician and an attorney
before considering these actions.
So let's say you've sent the legal notice
from the meter replacement kit at FreedomTaker.com,
you have given the power company
a reasonable amount of time,
three to four weeks,
to do the right thing,
and they refuse or fail to replace your smart meter
with an analog meter,
in a timely manner.
Now we can put the formalities aside,
and get down to the meter yanking.
Again, this is business for an electrician
or someone who knows how to stay out of the way
of high voltage do-dads.
So I'm speaking now to your electrician.
You get the analog meter out of the kit
and head over to the service panel.
To prevent tampering and vandalism,
many electric meters have locks on the mounting ring.
Some electricians have keys to these.
Most locksmiths do not.
This is your biggest problem.
Nobody has a right to lock something on your home
that emits radiation and spies on you.
This lock must go.
The legal notice in the Freedom Taker kit
actually cites laws and statutes
that the smart meter violates,
and that gives the homeowner the right to remove
the smart meter by any means necessary.
That does not mean forcing, pounding, or levering
on the electric panel or the smart meter.
That will simply break things and electrocute you.
You must be gentle, delicate, and competent,
and use the proper tools.
You should avoid anything like this,
that may cause collateral damage
and create an electrical hazard.
Let's just say you found a way
to safely remove the lock.
To replace your meter, you will have to shut off
your power to the house,
so go in the house and shut down your computers
and make sure that no harm will come to anything or anyone
from a power outage at the service panel.
The most important thing to do
is shut off the main breaker switch in the service panel,
so there's no electrical current
flowing from the meter into the home.
This is absolutely critical.
If you're not sure that current to the house
has been shut off,
do not proceed.
You might even want to flip off
all the individual line breakers just to be sure.
But this is no time to relax.
Even with everything shut down,
you are not safe from live current.
There is no way to shut off the current
coming from the power pole
right into your service panel,
and that's the highest voltage.
This is serious business.
With the main power switch shut off,
look at the smart meter and write down the readings
from the digital display.
Again, the meter itself is still powered
by the incoming current.
So this is how you will prove to the electric company
that you're not trying to steal electricity.
Be careful to get these numbers accurately.
The digital display will blink and cycle through
three or four displays every few seconds.
Copy every number that comes up.
If you miss one, it will repeat again and again.
Get them all and save those numbers
to give to the power company when you return the meter.
That way they cannot say you're trying to steal electricity.
Now you're about to expose some
live, high-voltage contacts.
At this point, please have all bystanders
and sugar-jacked children go far away.
Assuming you gently and safely removed the ring lock,
remove the stiff metal locking ring
by expanding the ring and sliding it over the meter.
These rings are very strong so brush up on all your
cuss words before you do this.
Save all the parts for your power company gift basket.
There are four stiff prongs and sockets
in the back of the meter.
Basically, the whole meter just plugs in.
Once again, being totally sure the electricity is shut off,
simply remove the meter by firmly pulling
the top of the meter toward you,
then pull the bottom,
and pull the meter free of the mounting panel.
Don't rock the meter side to side if you can avoid it.
It may jam the prongs and make removal more difficult.
Keep every part of your body,
and every loose object,
well away from those sockets.
As soon as you remove the smart meter,
you will simply plug in your new analog meter
in the same logical position.
Carefully hold the analog meter vertically
and align it with the mounting sockets.
Hold the bottom in a little closer than the top,
feel the fit to determine that the prongs
are aligned with the sockets,
press the bottom in and then follow quickly with the top.
Then apply firm, overall pressure,
until you're sure the meter is seated fully
and deeply in the sockets.
Again, don't pound on the meter.
Your FreedomTaker.com meter replacement kit
includes a mounting ring.
Fasten the mounting ring at the base of the meter.
Now turn the main power switch back on,
and turn on any breakers that were turned off.
Unless some of your appliances come back on,
you may not see any reading or motion
in the analog meter, immediately.
To check that,
you can go turn a few things on inside the house
and come back out and look at the meter.
In an analog meter,
there is no digital screen so you will see the wheel spin
to verify operation.
You want to return the smart meter to the power company
as soon as possible.
Attach a note to the smart meter
to identify the address from which it was taken,
and the date and approximate time it was removed.
Include that note you made with the numbers you copied
from the smart meter display just before you removed it.
Now it would be very wise to take pictures
of everything you're sending back to the power company
so you can prove you've done everything correctly.
Also, photograph your newly-installed analog meter
in case they come and mess with it.
Expect some sort of intimidating bluster
from your power company at some point.
You may need to rebut them with your evidence.
Back up and save those photos in a safe place.
If your power company starts to make up stories
about improper installation,
damage to their equipment, or theft of electricity,
your evidence, photos, and records
will be all you have to protect yourself.
As soon as possible,
return that meter and all parts
to your electric company in a way that,
later, you can prove it was delivered to them.
If you have a packing and shipping store
or a UPS store nearby,
they will safely pack the meter for shipping.
Save the tracking slip.
Keep that with the mail receipts and your notice
that you sent to the power company some weeks earlier.
Put it all in a file together and keep it in a safe place.
If you get the Safe Electric Meter Replacement Kit
from FreedomTaker.com,
you can now top off the installation
by clipping on the smart meter refusal warning tag,
so your power company will owe you a bunch of money
if they mess with your analog meter.
Now you may enjoy the privacy, safety, and health you had
before your power company changed all that
with a smart meter.